Title: Integration Specialist Job in Melbourne VIC - SEEK

URL Source: https://www.seek.com.au/job/87990279

Markdown Content:
**Did you know?**
-----------------

The mission of the Australian Federal Police is to provide dynamic and effective law enforcement to the people of Australia. It provides policing throughout Australia in relation to the prevention and detection of crimes against the Commonwealth, its laws and integrity, and community police services to the Community of the ACT.

Working for the AFP provides you with a diverse and rewarding career. Whether you immerse yourself in a position on the frontline, or provide critical operational or professional support, the work you do makes a big impact on the people of Australia.

We recognise your contribution to our workforce and offer generous remuneration and conditions including:

*   Six weeks (30 days) of paid annual leave per year + additional paid Christmas stand down
*   4 extra days of mandatory rest leave per year
*   18 days of paid personal leave per year
*   Generous superannuation of 15.4%
*   18 weeks paid Parental Leave for Primary Caregiver (and 11 weeks for Secondary Caregiver) + additional unpaid leave entitlements for up until 24 months from the child’s date of birth or placement
*   Generous salaries and incremental salary progression governed by the AFP Enterprise Agreement
*   Flexible and hybrid working arrangement that provides work/life balance
*   Health & wellbeing services – with a focus on early intervention, education and prevention
*   Access to ongoing training and professional development opportunities

**What is the role?**
---------------------

The Chief Information Officer (CIO) Command is a trusted frontline partner that enables policing through problem solving and technical expertise and excellence. The CIO Command provides corporate application, ICT end to end solutions, advice, cyber security and infrastructure that underpin AFP activities. The CIO Command aims to be a highly collaborative, innovative, reliable and trusted enabler for all Commands across the AFP. The products and services delivered are user focused, secure and fit for purpose, while supported by a highly skilled, agile and resilient workforce.

An exciting opportunity is available for an experienced and dynamic individual to join the AFP in an Integration Specialist role within the Technology, Strategy and Data branch. A key focus of this role will be modernising our integration approach to enhance our data capabilities.

You will be part of a growing team focused on delivering business value and driving continuous improvement through innovative integration solutions using the IBM Cloud Pack for Integration.

In this position you will play a pivotal role in developing people, managing change and influencing behaviours, that lead to a supportive culture that respects the perspectives, talents and value of everyone.

**What will you do?**
---------------------

*   Driving an Automation first approach, developing and documenting best practices and strategies for platform.
*   Troubleshoot incidents, identify root cause, fix and document problems, and implement preventive measures.
*   Collaborating across multiple teams within CIO and the business to evaluate and identify optimal integration solutions.
*   Maintain and monitor Logs and portals ensuring integration is running as expected.
*   Interacting with internal and external stakeholders to determine the best solution for the proposed requirements.

**Essential Requirements**
--------------------------

*   You must be an Australian Citizen at the time of application.
*   Negative Vetting 1 (Secret) security clearance or the ability to obtain one.
*   Has contemporary knowledge and experience relevant to the role.
*   Minimum of 5 years’ experience in a like or related field.
*   Tertiary qualifications in relevant field and/or extensive experience and knowledge in area of expertise.
*   Demonstrated ability to lead a team.
*   Working with Vulnerable People accreditation or the ability to obtain one.

**Desirable Requirements**
--------------------------

*   Experience in IBM Cloud pack for integration – ACE, APIG
*   Familiarity with APIs, automation tools, and understanding of CI/CD pipelines
*   Knowledge of Azure, Red hat
*   Biztalk knowledge

**Additional Information**
--------------------------

*   This position is based in Canberra; however remote and hybrid work arrangements from Australian capital cities may be considered.
*   This position is an AFP Band 8 level.
*   This advertisement is to create a merit list for future ongoing or non-ongoing vacancies arising over the next 12 months.

**Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion**
---------------------------------------

At the AFP we value the different perspectives, approaches and lived experiences of our people, and recognise that our collective intelligence and diversity is what makes us stronger. As such, we encourage applications from people from all walks of life, including people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, First Nations people, women, the LGBTQIA+ community and people with disability.

**Contact Officer:**Andrew Campbell,

**Contact Officer Phone:**[02 5126 8906](tel:02 5126 8906),**​**

**Contact Officer Email:**[andrew.campbell2@afp.gov.au](mailto:andrew.campbell2@afp.gov.au)

**Applications Close:**11:59pm (AEDT) 04/11/2025
