Title: Software Engineers - Multiple Roles & Levels Job in Brisbane QLD - SEEK

URL Source: https://www.seek.com.au/job/88001490

Markdown Content:
**About Us**

Boeing Defence Australia is shaping the future of aerospace and delivering some of Australia's most important programs for the Australian Defence Force.

Joining us is a chance to make your mark as part of the global Boeing aerospace network, working with a team that is united in pushing the boundaries of imagination and excellence.

We currently employ more than 3,000 people across a growing business over 14 sites in Australia and 3 international locations with a range of opportunities available as we plan for future growth.

**The Opportunity**

The Joint Systems portfolio provides a range of complex development and engineering support programs for our defence customers.Core capabilities delivered under each of the programs include system development and engineering support consisting of systems engineering, hardware and software engineering as well as operations and maintenance support services.

We are seeking **Software Engineers** to work in a dynamic team. You will be supporting the **Battlespace Communication System (BCS) Program**. BCS is a next generation networking product that is the centerpiece for multiple projects and campaigns. The BCS combines both developmental and off the shelf hardware and software to provide world leading communications capability for ADF personnel. It can be rapidly deployed from anywhere, and its modular design provides a flexible, scalable solution that can be customized for various mission needs.

In this role, you will leverage your software development skills to enhance and expand our core products, introducing new capabilities to address the evolving and complex communication needs of our customers.

Our team has a unique culture, which maintains a culture of flexibility and fun. We are collaborative, adaptable and outcome focused. You'll find yourself working in an team where people really matter. We work flexibly, with a hybrid in office/ work from home arrangement.

**Responsibilities**

*   Contribute to the full-stack development of innovative communications solutions with a focus on cybersecurity, scalability, and performance.
*   Design, develop, integrate, and test integrated hardware and software systems.
*   Communicate and collaborate with the team in a conscientious and inclusive way.

**Essential Experience/qualifications**

*   Applicants must be Australian Citizens to meet Defence security requirements.

**Desirable Experience/qualifications**

*   Experience within Defence or complex engineering project environments
*   Problem-Solving: Ability to analyze issues and develop solutions
*   Programming Proficiency across a broad range of technology domains 
    *   Front end web user interfaces
    *   Adaptability: Ability to learn new technologies and adapt to changing requirements.
    *   Network sockets, protocols and crypto programming
    *   Linux services
    *   FPGA signal processing
    *   Microcontroller firmware

*   Software Design for performance, scale and simplicity.
*   Collaboration: Experience working in teams and using collaboration tools.

**Culture**

Female applicants, people of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Island descent and Veterans are encouraged to apply.

_Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a focus on community that encourages_ movement within the organization.

Our aim is to nurture our existing employees and help them reach their full potential and be _part of an organisation that promotes a safe workplace environment_.

**Benefits**

We value the health and wellbeing of our employees and offer true flexibility including working from home, compressed work weeks, allowing you to balance your career with what is important to you outside of work.

Working within our team, you will have the opportunity to gain in-depth exposure across various exciting projects and build on your professional network with internal stakeholders and external partners in the industry.

*   We understand the importance of work-life balance and provide a mixture of flexible office and remote working options.
*   We will celebrate your successes and achievements with a formal reward and recognition program and through employee awards.
*   We value your professional development and will provide a vast range of formal and informal training, as well as assistance to further education.
*   We offer competitive salary packaging options and our Employee Incentive Program includes a bonus scheme and a wide range of corporate discounts.

As part of a global company, your career opportunities extend internationally.
